Configurable MongoDB or Postgres Persistance (#6)
powersync-ja/powersync-nodejs-backend-todolist-demo: README.md

## Packages

> [node-postgres](https://github.com/brianc/node-postgres) is used to interact with the Postgres database when a Postgres + PowerSync enabled client performs requests to the `/api/data` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[node-postgres](https://github.com/brianc/node-postgres) is used to interact with the Postgres database when a client performs requests to the `/api/data` endpoint.
```

The client itself is not specific to MongoDB or Postgres, so I'd call it just a "client" or "PowerSync-enabled client"

Author: Thanks! This one was very silly.

> [mongodb](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mongodb) iis used to interact with the Postgres database when a MongoDB + PowerSync enabled client performs requests to the `/api/data` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[mongodb](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mongodb) is used to interact with the MongoDB database when a client performs requests to the `/api/data` endpoint.
```
